Understanding the Nature of God and the Son Yeshua

(1) Lehi had one job to do.  To the river islands!
(2) Shazer means garden of birth, but as a super word there is much more to the story \citep{JosephSmith:EgyptianDescriptions}


Moroni ... 3 or 4 witnesses ... breast ... 

Nephi, Jared/Ether, Mormon/Moroni ... bosom ... flesh/bone ... bone-in ... 

(3) Egyptian repeated repeated a word to demonstrate a compound interest ... Rameumpton Rameupton would mean a place of all places where speech of all speeches is repeated over and over again.  Gordon's cosmic folly.  Uhem ra (ton) ... 

Up ... eptui ... tupi ... tupi-ya => tupa (Nephi's God)... thunder/lightning ... 

(4) Irreantum was a way to navigate by sea, overcome obstacles and arrive at a safe port.  [Update, likely the way to successfully get passed the Somali/Aden trap]



(5) Bountiful is an anachronism for America.  Kheri heri, Shallal, Aman Ah, ???  America is a Egyptian (Shazer like) word.

Colon-mbia ... fill-in-the-blank ... 2100 dates 

(6) Technology has to diffuse following fundamental principles.  Nephi explains this as line upon line.


(7) 5+ years to travel in Arabia is too long.  Proselyting and interactions with the "blacks" of Kedar was informative to a nomadic lifestyle and family-centered structure.  Ishmael was likely 18+ when sent away by his father Abraham.  This means he received some mansplaining on the nature of man/woman in the family architecture directly from Abraham.  Later, Abraham had six more sons (Midian) and likely reunited with Ishmael.  Meanwhile Joseph marries and Egyptian and the Moses Exodus requires a clarity of national identity.  The reunion of Joseph/Ishmael via Nephi's interactions is 1000+ years later, but an important revelation regarding social structures.  Likely the separation of tents, one for each wife (with handmaids), one for the husband, and schools/houses for virgin unmarried girls independent of their mothers where they learn of becoming a woman in all of its meanings.  Was this the true harem?  Sex education for a virgin boy (stripling) would likely come in the wild mostly from his father but also from the other men (it takes a village).  The bleeding and the stained sheet could be a celebratory marker for the community, what would the "bar mitzvah" equivalent be?


(8) A steel or rubber rod rubbed with the correct counterpart can generate static electricity.  Nephi shocks his brothers was likely a trick he learned from his Tamil/Gangan friends.  Johnny-Johnny Apple-Apple Seed-Seed could be a good descriptor of Nephi's vision.  Was the rubber tree one of the seeds or seedlings?  Certainly tor-tor the giant papyrus (bulrush was).

(9) Nephi was very young, likely stripling at the beginniing of the story (ala).  His Bar Mitzvah was likely private on a mountain top.  If 12-13, it could be possible that Laman was only 18.  None of them yet married.  A very young coupling can generate a strong bond between the pair.  The Psalm of Nephi was likely where it was decided that one of Sam's daughters would become a second wife.  A difficult decision because as Jacob later explains, it may break the heart of the first love.  Upon arrival to the new lands, cunadism was likely the standard.  This difficulty of monogamy was a function of the society of Lehi's era, it was a social construct.
(10) The spiritual exchange of fluids between the genders can be benign and ceremonial.  The holly berry (Yerba Mate in South, Black Drink in North?) was a ritual where the women would partially chew on a tea leaf and spit in a pot.  The shared pot would be drunk by the entire village.  Exchanging spit without intimacy.  Spit is the easiest method to capture DNA in the modern frame.  Socially, such exchanges would also improve the overall health of the community.  All women are saying:  I am giving you a small portion of my spirit.  Notice the consistency of spit, white male/female fluids, and marrow in the bone.  The modern metal straw bombilla in Argentina and the sharing of spit in a circle is style practiced today.  What may be secret or hidden, would be the male reciprocation (which could be spit) or more likely spittle from another source.  Master-bari ... the secret fattened flesh.


(11) The fixation on the sexual dimension is hard to swallow, but Joseph Smith had some signal of sexual innovation.  You can hide from that reality, try to justify it under the pretenses of plural marriage, justify it as a perverse grooming of individuals, ... OR consider it a clue of something missing in our current understanding of human existence, the double pleasure and its primacy in the purpose of this garden planet.  Can we try on different hands, stand in the place of possibility, and openly consider other perspectives from other cultures on the topic to arrive and a place of enlightenment, clarity and understanding?



(12) Trees of life are women.  Rules of intimacy engagement would require respecting the trees.  Gen 49:22 your woman's mother is the same tree.  You do not violate this.  Two sisters from the same mother is fine.  A niece/cousin from a different tree is fine.  A man leaves his mother's tree and clings to the new tree of his paramour(s).


(13) Community exchange of spirit can be benign, open, and celebratory.  No intimacy required.  Most benign = telestial ... celestial ... 


(14) Every act of intimacy between the sexes requires a giver/receiver.  Generally this is the well of the woman receiving the phallus of a man.  As such, the entry should never be forced upon the woman, it should be her actions that initiates any intimate move.  This could be generallies to any giver/receiver.  The trantric nature of sexually seems to be contrary to forceful elements such as domination/esphixiation, and so on.

Agape ... 


(15) If the spirit of a living plant/animal/human leaves the mortal clay after 3-5 days, the ingestion of any such things or subthings should occur in that window.  If you kill a chicken, and eat it within an hour after its death, are you not consuming more of its spiritual essence (chi) than if Tyson killed it Alabama 60 days ago, processed it with preservatives and froze it.  The law of ingestion as the word of wisdom.  Genesis 1, the meat of the herbs and the meat of the animals.  You don't hunt or kill or eat carnivores.  You burn briars/thorns to manage the deer/tapir/buffalo so the carnivores have plenty to eat.  You demonstrate stewardship over the lands.


(16) You respect mother earth for what she provides.  You don't play god by trying to artificially replace her herbs (Monsanto), nor do you artificially create new chemical componds or delivery mechanisms.  Don't play god, she does not like it.  You can use modern tech to understand the herbs and demonstrate how an ayuesca recipe of heating/cooling can maximize the goodness of mother earth.  Nobel prize, Chinese woman, malaria.


(17) Two great commandments: love God, love neighbor necessitates the two great sins: play God, exploit the neighbor.  Isaiah describes these as telling the potter what's up and grinding the face of the poor.  Nephi planted a seed of society that endured past the Mormon ending.  Maybe they were not pure bloods, but there were a lot of tall white naked ladies for the peoples of Colon-mbia to see and document.  The social construct of Zion was engrained into many cultures and civilizations.


(18) You might be a nation/tribe influenced by Nephi if: [1] you call yourself "people", [2] neighbors call you "foreigners", [3] you built "long-houses", [4] you did not try and steal neighbor's daughters (you do not commit the two great sins), [5] you had diminutive names for your cousins (Hagoth's Lakota/Dakota calling the Sahaptin "those with the little boats"; likely the response would be: "yes, but we know how to ride horses" ... playful yet authentic).


(19) The Serpent Mound is a serpent/egg or semen/egg?  Are these the universal symbols of gender?  Was the Baptist named Juanita, Jean, Joanne, Joelle?  Was it a kissing cousin?  A beloved disciple?  Certainly, I do not believe so, but I am open to try on the hats especially since the "keystone" of the Legend of Nephi tells us the MDE has been manipulated.  And when unlocked, it will not connect the Judeo-Christian communities but all trees/forests of the earth.  Mormon as God's good love can be adopted and respected by blacks, browns, yellows.  Namaste!



Structure is loved by the NOT operator class.  The Arcturians may like the passion (hot/cold) whereas the Andromedans dislike even verbal communications because it is "too slow"!

Is the Seal of Solomon a representation of the trinity?  The upward (phallus) for the son, to the right (father), to the left (all-father grandfather*).  The downward (well) for the daughter, to the right (mother), to the left (all-mother grandmother*).  If Yeshua was the special son, who was the special daughter?  If they came from the same tree, there would not be any sexual engagement.  Joseph Smith likely had a glimpse into this concept as he tried to develop an independent institution, the relief society.  Emphasis on independent.

FAITH = GOD is on the throne (potter/clay)
REPENTANCE = "change your mind" ... 
BAPTISM = fresh-moving water 
FIRE ... 

COSTCO CARD ... true order of prayer in the temple...
INDULGENCES ... Malachi ... 

MCU

MORMON ... love of GOD ... 


Yeshua ... MDE ... sexuality ... LE ... 


Order of prayer, maybe update how the male apron, circumbulate and cantillate ... 

spit ... 


water ox ... 60 year cycle... 600 cycle ... 

9/10 60 years old ... 33/34th year ... 1 AD - 34 AD = 33 

8 BC (-9) to 31 AD = 37 years ... Eureka!  Manipulation by scribal influence ... 

water ox ... divsion (8) ... 

Jacob is born (Shazer) ... 608 BC (-609)
Yeshua is born ... 8 BC (-9)

60 cycles "big year" ... 10 big years ... 

5 April 8 BC (water ox) ... 
5 May 31 AD (solar eclispe)... NASA 10 

33rd / 34th year ... 1980 / 2040 ... 1913 / 1973 / 2033 (2034)

1913 was the year of tribulation (great wars, titanic ... Fed)
1973 was the year of desolation (deflower a woman, Roe v Wade)

2033 in on the horizon ... Nephi=John ... Nephi=Enoch(Elijah)

Jael/Joel ... Elijah ...  Jehovah-El ... El-Jehovah ... 

10 + 7 pleaides (referees) + univintees ... the "save everyone" ...



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu9NwYE2bLQ


## post-game

VACA (cow) ... 

March 25, lunar eclipse
April 8, solar eclipse
God-box, Joel, Inspiration 57:  God is the Source
Sermon 14.

[Was Herod a good guy?  Inversion?]

Aryan Nation ... America Ari-ana ... Canada (Chief Joseph)
Little boy blue, won the unwinnable lottery, 30 pieces of silver?
2nd ave W, mormon church, tree.

ee as water or coastline, ee may mean "port"  iguacu, xcaret

isla bastimentos is the clue.  Colon was a discovery mission, this was the land portage of goods by the locals.  is that why he called it "supply island" (or because he left his supplies there).  Boquete, David, Isla Bastimentos.  Baru Volcano?  Egyptian meaning?

Beach in Tortuguero, which tribal leader met Colon on that beach.

36 = 6^2 years old + 1?

prime of all primes ... optimus prime ... 

1,2,3 ... 6p +/-1  ... 5, 7 ... 11,13 .. 17,19 ... 

1 2 3 4  5   6 
7 8 9 10 11 12

menorrah, 10 + light ... I am the light of the world.  The sun and 10 stars.  10 not 12 apostles.  They were the 10 original invitees or representatives (the wise men)!  America, 12 disciples?  Lost 10 Tribes.  Captains of 5, 10, 50, ... or 40 in Moses narratives?

Herod death, two eagles on temple porch... Two blood eagles, 5000 killed, different timeline.  Rethink the 'Herod is bad' narrative.  August Caesar quote about being easier to be swine than a child.  Hasmoneans, the Cave of the Patriarchs... God of the Living?  No marriage contracts.

Qumram is a recovery of anything that didn't burn.  Balsam was not olive oil.

I don't know Hebrew names, they didn't have Hebrew names.  Andrew the first (Egypt, black guy? ... what of Kiev?)

70 = 10 x 7 ... 5 on right, 5 on left, the beam of menorah is Jehovah... why would candlesticks have 7, not 10?  why would candlesticks have own light.

Were the 10 smaller "seas" (dead baptism, 12 ox) for the salting boiling of the meat offerings.  Was the larger sea also heated?




